# Best-Architecture-Design-Company-in-India---The-BNK-Group
It's Going to be a ‘Very Peri‘ Year For the first time ever, Pantone has created its colour of the year, setting a unique tone for fashion, interior, design, and more industries.  The colour of the year announced by Pantone not only influences the visual designing of upcoming product designs, branding, and marketing strategy of brands, but it also rules the design language in the architecture and interior industry. The Very Peri colour created by the brand (Primarily known for its colour matching system) for 2022 celebrates the way people‘s lives have changed amidst the unprecedented changes.   Pantone‘s Very Peri shade is a vibrant periwinkle blue with violet red undertones amalgamating the faithfulness and constancy of blue with the energy and excitement of red inspiring one’s creative side to flourish.  With all the hype, anticipation, and high value in place, it's too tempting to flaunt the shade in every possible way. However, incorporating the colour of the year in your interior space and changing its style every year could seem like a daunting task. We understand that it might not be feasible for many to completely change the visual presence of let’s say a brand logo or a tall standing structure, but using these trend setting colours in a smart way would reflect your forward thinking and your touch with the latest trends that influence everything that you see around.  If you have the will, passion, and love that drives you to follow the colour trends then you could find more than one way to add them to your daily life with the help of the best interior designing team in Mumbai. Here’s where you would need the expert’s advice as to how to go about it without transforming an entire space every year. In order to achieve the desired look, you could rely on The BNK Group, an architecture and interior designing company based out of Mumbai known for its unparalleled flair when it comes to modern luxury interior designs. It is one of the most preferred choices of luxurious hotels and brands to create bespoke designs in various cities of India.  The Pantone‘s colour of the year is more than a mere defining shade, it represents a critical form of communication, and a way to express and affect ideas and emotions, to engage and connect within the society.  To know more: https://thebnkgroup.com/
